add more dump_rate info to docs (#500)
POSYDON-code/POSYDON: docs/_source/troubleshooting-faqs/code-questions.rst

    
    The memory usage of the 8000 :code:`dump_rate` run is stable at around 6GB, while the 10.000 :code:`dump_rate` run is stable at around 6.8GB.

>     In general, the :code:`dump_rate` should not be set below 500 for populations of 100.000 binaries or more.

Reviewer: Same as the other comment
```suggestion
    In general, the :code:`dump_rate` should be set above 500 for populations of 100.000 binaries or more.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree. However, the phrase proposed suggests the dump rate ought to be greater than 500, when we actually want the dump rate to be 500 or more. Fixing now...
